My name's Aliaksei. I'm a Lotus Domino developer and Web developer with 2 years of direct experience in the area. Before that I worked with PL/SQL. 

I graduated from Belarusian National Technical University in 2014 (two thousand and fourteen).

I started working for IBA in 2014. Since then I have taken part in a number of projects.

Last year I took part in a project for IBM. It was a big project  with many applications. It was called Cybersecurity & Privacy for IBMers 2015. Our task was to build responsible webUI using bootstrap framework, JavaScript and jQuery. I developed part of one application called Cybersecurity 2015 (Cybersecurity two thousand and fifteen). Twitter bootstrap has  twelve-column grid layout and many useful components for fast applying. We used a lot of JavaScript components such  as Collapse, Modals, Tabs, Dropdown menus and others. It was a good experience for me.

Another project where I used xPages was the Application processing query for National Cadastral Agency. The application is meant to create and process information about immovable property. 
It was LN-native application, it was necessary to provide access to external users. Since not all of them had an LN, the customer decided to develop  and use a web-based interface. This was necessary to ensure high performance.
To speed up the design process and simplify its further support, we proposed to use OneUI. We started working with Domino server version 8.5 and  prepared a prototype interface  with OneUI version 2. Then we helped to plan and upgrade the customer server to 9 and further development was already OneUI v3.
Our team created a new web-enablement on xPages. We added new funcionality, redesigned, fixed and improved the existing app features, which resulted in faster app performance, security and usability. We applied following technologies: Java Script, xPages, HTML, CSS, oneUI v2/v3, xPages Extention Library.

About using Extension Library:
We applied different controls from Extension Library such as Application Layout, Dialog, Form Table, Data View, Pager.

As an employee I’m hard-working, responsible and communicative. I’m also quite good at meeting deadline and have good social skills.
